[go_router_builder] Include required and positional query parameters in the location (#4163)
flutter/packages: packages/go_router_builder/CHANGELOG.md

## 2.1.1

> * Includes the required/positional parameters in the route location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that the required/positional parameters are not added to query parameters correctly.
```
